Move Cookiecutter to it's own module (#6385)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/spotty-pandas-deny.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': patch
---

> - Move out the `cookiecutter` templating to it's own module that is depended on by the `scaffolder-backend` no breaking change yet, but we will drop first class support for `cookiecutter` in the future and it will become an opt-in feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move out the `cookiecutter` templating to its own module that is depended on by the `scaffolder-backend` plugin. No breaking change yet, but we will drop first class support for `cookiecutter` in the future and it will become an opt-in feature.
```
